# Heat Transfer algorithms

The documents presented here were developed to demonstrate the heat transfer on a structural Finn applying the finite domain analysis CVFEM (Control Volume Finite Element Method). 

Inside the folder "codigos" we can find 8 different codes, as follows:
## Monta_A
Calculate the coefficients $C_{ij}$ generated by the discretization of the Integral-Differential Equation represeting the Heat Transfer (more details in the section 2.4 of the document Trabalho_1_TRANSCAL. The main purpose of this function is to convert equation below:
```math
$$ \int_{Vc}\nabla{\cdot (K\nabla{T})}dV = [A] [T] $$
```
Where $[A]$ and $[T]$ represent 3-dimensional matrices containing $x,y and z$ components 


```MATLAB
function [A] = Monta_A(k,P,T)

```
Inputs:
- $k$ is the heat transfer coefficient.
- $P$ represents the number of nodes inside the mesh.
- $T$ represents the temperature of each node.

Outputs:
- $A_{ij}$ as the global matrix
 
2. area_contorno -> Calculate the areas related to each node in the contour and returns its respective normal vector.
3. cod_principal -> It is the main function of this module, responsible to assemble each code descripted in this document. Its outputs are a set of images containing the results of the mesh generation, heat transfer rate and errors.
4. gradiente -> This functions calculates the temperature gradients as finite differences between each element inside the mesh.
5. malha_grossa -> This codes generates the CVFEM coarse mesh.
6. malha_refinada_manual_1 ->This codes generates the CVFEM coarse mesh with higher quality.
7. malha_refinada_manual_2 ->This codes generates the CVFEM fine mesh.
